you know I've had some friends who've
been looking at the social media Warfare
end of this who are trying to understand
what information the college kids who
are protesting are getting and why they
believe it and Tik Tock in particular is
flooded with images that suggest that
the IDF are barbarians beyond belief and
that the casualty rates are extremely
high and once you click on one of those
then that's all you get in your feed and
that seems to be particularly effective
the use of imagery of injured children
for example seems to be particularly
effective for women and of course the
majority of the protesters on the ivy
league campuses are women and so they're
the targets of this particular scop and
so that's another it's a dream for
Russia right to have this access to the
youth mind yeah absolutely it's Russia
China and Iran it's a dream that they
had this access in algorithm that feeds
it you don't have to do the work Al
feeds it there's actually a battle in my
work in in urban Warfare history where
the United States was defeated because
of this the first battle of fuia I don't
know if you remember that but there were
four American contractors that were
killed in the city of fuia in April of
2004 the US president ordered because
they
dismembered American citizens uh burned
them all and hung them from the bridge
yes y that the US president ordered the
Marines to go in and get those
responsible for that action so the the
Marine Corps over their objections
launched an operation Al jazer was
sitting in the hospital airing photos of
children that had been casualties of the
operations and trumping up numbers of
Civilian casualties unverifiable in six
days into the battle the Iraqi governing
Council the US allies all threatened to
disband if the United States didn't stop
its battle that was a a a basically an
echo to what we have today uhuh where
you can defeat a superior power easily
through the use of information
Warfare the pictures of children like
why did those resonate I know that's
your field of study like that resonates
very strongly to include me yeah of
course I don't want to I have children I
don't want to see any children I've seen
children and this again goes back to the
even these kids won't acknowledge what
Hamas is when I watch well children are
the ultimate victims right the ultimate
innocent victims and so if you're
playing a victim victimizer ideological
game then obviously picture of hurt
children are effect incredibly effective
weapons in that regard and of course if
there is a war there's going to be hurt
children so it's it's a strategy that's
very difficult to counter that's for
sure but there's an ideology that the
IDF would do it
purposely when I can show you the video
of October 7th where Hamas Psychopaths
like it's like Jeffrey dmer yeah were
standing over children making a death
moan and laughing over top of them yeah
I've been in Ward and seen children
injured and every individual doesn't
matter who he wants is dying in their
heart to help that child so the idea
that the IDF would purposely harm a
child isn't backed up by evidence now do
civilians get caught in between two war
in factions yes but despite going back
to our statement that the IDF have done
everything anybody's ever thought of and
created ways that nobody's ever thought
of I mean they have drones with speakers
going back to drones that go into enemy
Health territory and announce to the
civilian Polie leave this is a combat
area they've used Technologies to track
every cell phone in an area now whether
it's on or off to know if there's
civilians there and they won't even
allow the military into that area until
a certain population gets out okay so
all right so are the Israelis meeting
with any success in their military
Ventures do do are they are they winning
the battle against tamas all things
considered do you think absolutely you
think so okay so what's the evidence for
that yeah the evidence is if you can go
by hostages so half the hostages home
yeah okay right there's
124 left in hostage or left in Hamas
hands basically whether it's a dead body
or a living person it's really hard to
tell how many of them were freed alive
do you know I don't know what the exact
number was but most of them were feed
during that temporary um ceasefire
where's over 100 were released by Hamas
at Great military disadvantage to to
Israel to do that exchange M um most
people don't recognize that like the
fact that during that ceas fire Hamas
forced civilians to reoccupy places like
conun they increased the population of a
city by 300% during that ceasefire so
that their Human Sacrifice strategy
would work better that kind of escaped
the national media yeah surprise
surprise yeah um so they hostages um
Hamas has how do you what do you make of
the fact that something like that for
example escaped the national media like
how is that possible even I mean it's
it's I understand some of the
foundations for much of the talking
points but most of the world doesn't
like they don't know what that number
means they don't know what the details
are to that number they don't question
it or when you attack a 2000 PB Bond
they don't know right who are the groups
so part of it's just lack of depth of
inquiry let's say right or there's a
global ex a global deficiency of an
expertise in this type of
warfare even Within even among the
military yeah right right so you'd
expect that in Spades among what passes
for journalists these days right where
they of course it's all bad like war is
war is Hell war is
killing right we've done we've agreed
that we're going to do not do certain
things and Israel is following every
measurement that we've ever had back to
the successes of their objective to
remove homas from power and dismantle
its military yeah from a straight
analytical perspective they' dismantled
hamas's military to include areas it
controls physically and don't get me
into the ideology part yeah but remove
the Rockets So of there are 4,000
Rockets fired on October 7th more than
it had been fired during the entire
second Lebanon war on day one there have
been 13,000 since now they are a lot
less those rocket supplies have been
taken away now they're still they're
still shooting them because they still
think they're going to win from Rafa and
from right next to the humanitarian Zone
but from the actual measurement of what
a military is its Fighters its supplies
its production capabilities its tunnels
Israel has been very successful in
clearing dense Urban Terrain very slow
very methodically despite the
constraints of the world right uh you
have at one point they had one Brigade
in go because the world said you you you
got to do a different way they had one
Gade in Gaza that was now they they they
wanted to finish this quickly yeah in
Rafa with two divisions in the world
said you the United States according to
reports said you can't do that use one
division but they have been very
successful on reducing those military
supplies now I can't who's winning are
they achieving metrics along that goal
to achieve all three of their objectives
to include secure the borders because
they have also put in many nobody talks
about them large construction projects
New Roads to create a different security
environment a buffer zone New Roads
going into Gaza to include the new
humanitarian entry points and roads in
naaza nobody talks about they're being
very successful in doing these military
measur but the it won't matter none of
this will matter if Hamas that was
October 6 the leadership just that core
leadership survives the war it doesn't
matter whatever
metric they so where where are the Hamas
leadership located physically where are
they Southern Gaza okay and how
successful we're in Gaza right because
it goes back to the cognitive if maybe
some of them have escaped but like going
back to even the good guys like zilinsky
if he would have
left that is less of a victory than if
you stay so I believe that that
leadership is still in Gaza okay and do
you have any sense of What proportion of
the Gaza hierarchical leadership is
still intact I think that was a senior
leadership they've gotten one of the
senior senior leadership but this goes
back to like when you hear how many how
many of those people in leadership
positions are
crucial five or six okay okay so it's a
it's a very it's a handful of people I
mean if Yaya SAR survives this war he's
achieve Victory they'll make statues at
him he will be the great terrorist that
weakened Israel on the global
international stage and struck at United
States's credibility they Iran will make
statues of Yaya senir if he survives
this war uhuh he will be the great
Victor of this war and let let alone if
October 7th becomes Palestinian
Independence Day right if the world says
we don't care pal everybody agrees
Palestine is a state right how many
countries there's European countries
that have already um accepted it as a
state ay at least Spain
Norway I don't remember all the
countries but yeah it would be if you
like it's almost anti-intellectual how
do you not understand that if October
7th leads to a n a creation of something
despite all the challenges it would lead
to Greater violence no logic gets in the
way of virtue signaling ever right
there's no hypocrisy like moral
hypocrisy yeah this is where I can't
tell you who's going to win this War I
can't if Israel is stopped because
of real pressure because like the weapon
shipments that have been threatened to
be withheld yeah that has nothing to do
with the operations in Gaza that has to
do with a 100,000 hezb attacking in the
north northern Israel is currently Under
Fire as we're speaking Yeah because hezb
has been attacking and the real threat
is that you won't have the supplies to
push them back because Southern Lebanon
is called how how serious is the
situation in Northern Israel with
regards to Hezbollah right now it's an
existential threat you don't get more
serious than that
[Music]